Docs: GraphQL remote execution (#8012)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/graphql/observability.md

envoy_gloo_system_<api_name>_graphql_rq_total
envoy_gloo_system_<api_name>_graphql_year_rest_resolver_failed_resolutions
envoy_gloo_system_<api_name>_graphql_year_rest_resolver_total_resolutions
```

## Using logs for debugging

If you encounter errors or unexpected behavior in your Gloo GraphQL setup, you can use logs to help debug your resources.

1. Edit your `GraphQLApi` resource.
   ```sh
   kubectl edit graphqlapi -n gloo-system <name>
   ```

2. Add the `logSensitiveInfo: true` setting to the `spec.options` section.
   {{< highlight yaml "hl_lines=9-10" >}}
   apiVersion: graphql.gloo.solo.io/v1beta1
   kind: GraphQLApi
   metadata:
     name: my-api
     namespace: gloo-system
   spec:
     executableSchema:
       ...
     options:
       logSensitiveInfo: true
   {{< /highlight >}}

> 3. Use the following command. In the output, logs are now collected for your GraphQL resources.
>    ```sh
>    glooctl proxy logs debug
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the following command. In the output, logs are now collected for your GraphQL resources.  These are viewed in the gateway proxy pod.
   ```sh
   glooctl proxy logs debug
   ```
```
